
Tools

8.18.1 KRACK Attack

KRACK attack consists of a bunch of vulnerabilities regarding the reinstallation of the key
used to encrypt the traffic in WPA and WPA2. This can for example result in the installation
of a key (GTK) that is all zero and therefore known thus an attacker can use it to decrypt the
traffic without knowing the original key. It is done by replaying a manipulated packet (the
third of the four-way-handshake). An updated client is not vulnerable to this attack. As for
the other attacks the access points should also be updated if it supports Fast BSS Transition or
client repeater functionality, which only enterprise routers should have enabled. Nevertheless
it’s of course recommended to keep the router updated as well.
More details of the attack can be found in the paper describing it https://papers.
mathyvanhoef.com/ccs2017.pdf, Python code scripts to test if your client or AP is vul-
nerable or to read how the attack is implemented using Scapy can be found on Github
https://github.com/vanhoefm/krackattacks-scripts.

8.18.2 KrØØk attack

The KrØØk attack is based on a bug in Broadcom and Cypress Wifi chips, which allows to
install a key that consists only of zeros.
An example implementation can be found in the following Github repository https://
github.com/akabe1/kr00ker.
8.18.3 WiFuzz
WiFuzz is a 802.11 protocol fuzzer. The tool uses Scapy and its fuzz() function to send
manipulated packets to an access point. One can define which protocols (Probe-Request,
Associaton, Authentication, etc.) should get fuzzed.
The source code of the project can be found on the internet on https://github.com/0x90/
wifuzz.

8.18.4 Pyrit

Pyrit (http://pyrit.googlecode.com) is a WPA/WPA2 brute force cracking tool. Its specialty
lies in fully utilizing all cores of a CPU and concurrently using the GPUs of graphic cards
for cracking, which increases the amount of probed keys per second from 40 (1.5 GHz single
core cpu) up to 89000. Optionally Pyrit can save precalculated keys in a database to boost138
the cracking process again thus 99.9% of the time is spend for computing the key and only
0.1% for comparing.

8.18.5 Wifiphisher

Wifiphisher (https://github.com/wifiphisher/wifiphisher) is a man-in-the-middle tool, which
implements all mentioned attacks (Evil Twin, KARMA and Known Beacons). It also
includes web based attacks like a login portal, fake router firmware update or a web-based
imitation of the Windows network manager to capturer login Credentials and pre-shared
keys.